so hello everyone there of course
bad news
Zenith statements will be fought
For leaving the group in the UEFA Champions League
I'm not a fan of zenith at all when
I support Russia
the same Russian club is already here
all rose like youtube bathe players
I myself was behind the stagnation of the regions there my own
fonts
accounting in the seas just it's just a horror one
hit the target there 6 in total 6 strokes altogether
completely
but more often terrible dollars
it's just of course
I want to show 6
the goal that was scored
Brazil is also
so hard I don't know what
bad but there is of course
this
but she to me
true price place in the main part
according to analysts
but what next
found a typo
saltan
because help
Tymoshenko he assures
however still in stenochku us all defenders
from fields sits but
thanks group
in which 6 people
a pack seemed to zenith it all just dollars
they have common
real total now only remains
and fight for the european league honest then
there is only not disappear
fortunately usually a tough match with
Milan tar dumps and
Liza Milan but at first was younger
I also remember how they played
against Milan 6
half hour
and they succeed there will fight i want
fight subtleties milan young only
from the group
so zenith adopt there just go out
Europa League
if you don’t get over Spartak
schools
in portugal there
call Benfica and still fought for
output
heavy of course
attracting all the same after the match
opened the boards for 5 UAH defeating
rival all the same
just wish you good luck
and better avoid we wish is simple and
good luck
Sagdeev was Denisenko box office strength